TL improvement (#525)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/omot_004.txt

//rそのうち、女子の何人かはレナのカメレオンのような舌…じゃなかった両腕に抱えられて、かぁいいモードのレナの頬ずりを受けていた。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "そのうち、女子の何人かはレナのカメレオンのような舌…じゃなかった両腕に抱えられて、かぁいいモードのレナの頬ずりを受けていた。",

> 			NULL, "Among them, some of the girls were being squeezed by Rena as she holded them in her chameleon-like tongue... no, her arms and rubbed her cheeks against them in her kyute mode.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Among them, some of the girls were being squeezed by Rena as she held them in her chameleon-like tongue... no, her arms and rubbed her cheeks against them in her kyute mode.", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, "\"...Excellent work, Rena!", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 1, "ps3/s14/01/210100095", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　あいつなら折った箸入れの紙ででも、割り箸を折ることができそうだな！」",

> 			NULL, " I'm sure she's even able to snap off chopsticks with the paper that they're wrapped in!\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " I bet you could even snap chopsticks in half with the paper they're wrapped in!\"", Line_Normal);
```

> 			NULL, "\"Aah, that's not all.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"Aah, that's such a letdown though.", Line_WaitForInput);
```

	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 3, "ps3/s14/03/210300147", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "隠した指で折ってるだけだから」",

> 			NULL, "It's just that they use hidden finger to snap them off.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "It's just that they use a hidden finger to snap them.\"", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine(NULL, "", NULL, "<size=-2>", Line_Continue); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "なにもそこまで、と言いかけた俺を制するように、魅音は挑発的に円の中の缶をコンコンとつま先で小突く。その様子が、あまりにも下級生たちを小馬鹿にしているようで…俺は少しだけ、むっとなった。",

> 			NULL, "I tried to say \"you're going too far,\" but Mion provoked them by tapping the can in the circle with her toe as though she interrupted me. It seemed like she was trying to make the younger students look stupid... I was a little offended.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "I tried to say \"you're going too far,\" but Mion seemed to interrupt me, provoking them by tapping the can in the circle with her toe. It felt like she was trying to make the younger students look stupid... I was a little offended.", Line_Normal);
```

//r退屈と漫然で、気がどうにかなりそうだった日常を面白おかしくしてくれるような予感が、幾千度の繰り返しを続けてきた私の生きがいですらあった。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "退屈と漫然で、気がどうにかなりそうだった日常を面白おかしくしてくれるような予感が、幾千度の繰り返しを続けてきた私の生きがいですらあった。",

> 			NULL, "In my callous boredom, those deviations from my predictions made my insane days feel strangely interesting, even though my life has repeated thousands of times.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "In my callous boredom, those deviations from my predictions made my maddening days feel strangely interesting, even though my life has repeated thousands of times.", Line_Normal);
```

//r魅音は全てを聞かず、冷たく言い放つ。その突き放したような言い方に俺はむっ、と顔を向けたが、魅音は涼しい顔のままそれを受け流した。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "魅音は全てを聞かず、冷たく言い放つ。その突き放したような言い方に俺はむっ、と顔を向けたが、魅音は涼しい顔のままそれを受け流した。",

> 			NULL, "Mion responded coldly and wouldn't listen at all. Her pitiless manner ticked me off so I turned toward her, but she brushed me aside with a calm expression.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Mion responded coldly and wouldn't listen at all. Her lack of pity ticked me off so I turned toward her, but she brushed me aside with a calm expression.", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, "\"Hoh... them's fighting words, Kei-chan?", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 3, "ps3/s14/03/210300183", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　断っておくけど、私たち相手に戦うってことは、それ相応の覚悟をしてもらうことになるよ？」",

> 			NULL, " Just so you know, you'd better be prepared enough to fight against us, okay?\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " Just so you know, you'd better be fully prepared to fight against us, okay?\"", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, " I realize that!", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 1, "ps3/s14/01/210100129", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　それに腰を上げたところで、動くことすらきついと思う。",

> 			NULL, " And even if you can stand up, it'll be hard even to move.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " And even if you can stand, it'll be hard to even move.", Line_WaitForInput);
```

//rそう、俯いていた女の子の１人が顔を上げて、ポツリと言う。俺はその子の肩を持つと、『そうだっ！！』と優しく、そして力強くどやしつけた。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "そう、俯いていた女の子の１人が顔を上げて、ポツリと言う。俺はその子の肩を持つと、『そうだっ！！』と優しく、そして力強くどやしつけた。",

> 			NULL, "One of the downtrodden girls raised her head and spoke up like that. I gave her a gentle, yet powerful pat on the shoulder and said, \"That's right!!\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "One of the downtrodden girls raised her head and spoke up. I gave her a gentle, yet powerful pat on the shoulder and said, \"That's right!!\"", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#5ec69a>魅音</color>", NULL, "<color=#5ec69a>Mion</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 3, "ps3/s14/03/210300196", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「け、圭ちゃん…やってくれたねぇ～！",

> 			NULL, "\"O-oh no you didn't... Kei-chan!", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"K-Kei-chan... Oh no you didn't~!", Line_WaitForInput);
```

//r二人はそう言うと、俺から沙都子を引き離すべくじりじりと横歩きで牽制する。…さすがに、野球部で鍛えてるだけあって並行移動はうまいものだ。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "二人はそう言うと、俺から沙都子を引き離すべくじりじりと横歩きで牽制する。…さすがに、野球部で鍛えてるだけあって並行移動はうまいものだ。",

> 			NULL, "They dodged sideways as they said that to lure Satoko away from me. ...They were able to skillfully sidle, as expected of members of the baseball club.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "They dodged sideways as they said that to lure Satoko away from me. ...They were able to skillfully switch directions, as expected of members of the baseball club.", Line_Normal);
```
